what we are saying is a hand place the
hand place shall be contained in a water
resistance casing
have B description or diagram clearly in
creating the use of and flare printed on
its casing
have a self-contained means of
regulation and we so design as not to
cause discomfort to the person holding
the casing and not and enter the server
by burning or growing residues when used
in accordance with the manufacturers
operating instructions
the hand Claire shall burn with a bright
red color burning uniformly with an
average luminous intensity of not less
than 15,000 Chandler have a burdening
period of not less than one minute and
continue to burn after having been
immersed for a period of 10 second under
100 mm of water now we are seeing the
instructions
number one unscrew the cap
number two
full ignition cord up and out firmly
and quickly
the next point
point number three
poor Plant
Leawood
again next one
[Music]